In this module,
we went and compared JUnit 4 versus JUnit 5 because there's
quite a few significant changes in that API,
and it affects ultimately how we test the code inside of our Spring application.
We covered exceptions, assertions,
and how we can do lambda expressions inside of those assertions.
We looked at the Assumptions API and then finally did an example
with ExtendWith that shows us how to run that against a
SpringBootTest against our Mono server that we had.
And this actually concludes the course on What's New in Spring 5.
I hope you've found this informational and you're able to
go ahead and begin using the new features inside of Spring 5 in your applications today.